Translation corrections (#150)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_014.txt

//rその目と向き合って、…暁は、戦慄して自分の正気を疑う。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その目と向き合って、…暁は、戦慄して自分の正気を疑う。",
			NULL, "Akira faced those eyes... then shivered and began to doubt his own sanity.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r見上げるその夏美の表情は、激しい殺意と深遠の闇をはらんだbワラ.<嗤>いにゆがんでいた…ッ！！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "見上げるその夏美の表情は、激しい殺意と深遠の闇をはらんだ嗤(ワラ)いにゆがんでいた…ッ！！",

> 			NULL, "Natsumi was looking right up at him, her face warped into a sneer seeping with a fierce intent to kill and unfathomable darkness...!!", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Natsumi was looking right up at him, her face warped into a sneer seeping with fierce killing intent and unfathomable darkness...!!", Line_Normal);
```
